TINY-6291: Map font keywords to pt values in font size menus (#6088)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/changelog.txt

Version 5.6.0 (TBD)

>     Fixed keyword font sizes such as `medium` not displaying correctly in font size menus #TINY-6291

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fixed font size keywords such as `medium` not displaying correctly in font size menus #TINY-6291
```
maybe?

>     Fixed keyword font sizes such as `medium` not displaying correctly in font select menus #TINY-6291

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Fixed keyword font sizes such as `medium` not displaying correctly in font size menus #TINY-6291
```
I got confused at first because I thought you meant the `fontselect` (since that's an actual thing). I think this is clearer? Though maybe it should be even more specific and reference `fontsizes` menu and `fontsizeselect` toolbar button? Not sure. Hopefully @tylerkelly13 will have thoughts.
